Improve Rust language guide (#110)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/rust.md

}
```

> As the world that the [`example-host` targets](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit) does not include the `docs:adder/add@0.1.0` import, the example host cannot run the `calculator.wasm` component in its current form - `calculator.wasm` expects to be able to call `add` but the example host does not provide that functionality. To fulfil the `add` import, so that the calculator can run, you can [compose the `calculator.wasm` and `adder.wasm` files into a single, self-contained component](../creating-and-consuming/composing.md).

Reviewer: The example host never executes the calculator. That host is only for the `add` world. The tutorial discussed composing the calculator world with a command world in order to execute it but we do not provide any hosts in the docs for the `calculator` world (that call `calculate`).
```suggestion
As the import is unfulfilled, the `calculator.wasm` component could not run by itself in its current form. To fulfill the `add` import, so that only `calculate` is exported, you would need to [compose the `calculator.wasm` with some `exports-add.wasm` into a single, self-contained component](../creating-and-consuming/composing.md).
```
